yo yo yo is your boy a rose sale I'm
feeling good it's about 1 a.m. in the
morning 138 look here I'm having fun
with this new reason 5 with the record
look at these goodies
I got a Neptune baby and I'm a bypass
that I just made a quick simple beat
mostly vocals out and I like to used was
a bass guitar let's see I got so many
goodies in here and first time using the
Kong and it's something to play with you
guys this video just for you know quit
teaser you know just just get your mouth
wet you know and everything but I'm
gonna child check out the little beat
you know
I ain't coming mansion
yeah
yeah you know I'm digging that man I'm
digging that you know and you can play
with these vocals man for real you can
really play with them over here the calm
has many goodies as you can see like one
pad you can assign you know four sounds
to that pad maybe more I don't know I
haven't you know got into demand you I
just heard gotten on the computer and
just go for what I know but the pad so
nice and each pad like for my bass drum
I can put my own effects right here no
need to go grab another machine it's all
right here at the bottom you know
compressor filters you can change the
pitch I mean just you know whatever in
there and all that good stuff but anyway
bypass that I'm gonna get back to the
track but as you can see it just and
this is a drum kick from reasons 5 and
it's like a downtown hip-hop kind of
thing kind of old-school ish feel but
it's nice but I brought to this thing
you know I'm out so I'm gonna come up
with another video with some goodies on
it we don't go from down
yeah I think that's real sweet right
there for real
anyway that's all I want to give you out
for the day man right now just give
y'all something real quick and simple
but uh it's coming so let's have some
fun with it and you know and for the
rest of y'all y'all get it go ahead and
get it you know it don't cost that much
in this Stowe so you're getting a lot
for your money so uh it should blow up
Jenny's for sale at gmail.com